docs: README.md Code of Conduct contact is outdated, disagrees with CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#2307)
flatcar/Flatcar: README.md

We follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

> Please contact the [private Maintainer mailing list](mailto:maintainers@flatcar-linux.org) or the Cloud Native Computing Foundation mediator, conduct@cncf.io, to report an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact the [private Maintainer mailing list](mailto:maintainers@flatcar-linux.org) or the [CNCF Code of Conduct Committee](https://www.cncf.io/conduct/committee/), conduct@cncf.io, to report an issue.
```

Author: @tormath1 Thanks for the suggestion
